I was in the military
for 13 years.
Women didn’t used to belong
to combat regiments.
I was the first to obtain
the rank of sergeant in my regiment.
I lived the army 24/7.
The clothes I wore,
the people I associated with
—everything was military.
Being in a man’s field
is very intimidating.
I felt I had to work twice as hard,
be twice as fast, and be twice as good.
So I became more and more aggressive
in order to accomplish the missions
that were given to me.
I let the pressure to perform
affect me in negative ways.
I did not feel anything.
I used more profanity.
I drank more heavily.
I smoked more.
It wasn’t the quality
of the life that I wanted.
I felt that my life
wasn’t going anywhere.
And there was a knock
on the front door.
It was very surprising
to learn from the Scriptures
that I could draw close to God.
But the Witnesses,
they explained things in a way
that it made sense,
and I could verify all of it myself.
I didn’t understand what they meant
by ‘God could love you.’
The Witnesses showed me
how to look in the Bible
and find out what the Bible
said about it all.
It gave me a desire
to keep going,
and things started
to get a lot better.
When I put down my rifle
and I picked up a Bible,
those around me,
they didn’t understand it at all.
It’s worth everything just to show someone
that they can be loved.
Just to watch that change is fabulous.
It’s only with a lot of prayer and meditation
that I was able to change my personality.
Jehovah guides me.
If you put your anxiety on him,
he will give you that peace.
My husband is my joy.
He’s showing me the patience
and the loving-kindness
that Jehovah wants families
to experience.
The members of my congregation
are my family.
They are my brothers and sisters.
I now have a huge worldwide family.
We have a lovely, lovely congregation.
And to be able to laugh and joke
and to talk about Jehovah, it’s wonderful.
When I was in the military,
I became a very dark and uncaring person.
Jehovah has taught me how to beat my sword
into a plowshare.
He taught me that I didn’t need
to “learn war anymore.”